***
#### The Falsehood of ones Desires
***

Cerbah has never had to deal with such a confusing situation before in her life after all she was a goblin. Goblins never had a hard life besides from worrying about how to evade humans. But then Cerbah remembered that she isn't a typical goblin, she has surpassed limits even goblin kings couldn't achieve. She has gained the ability to think for herself and with that one ability she has unlocked countless new paths in life for herself. Cerbah first calmed herself then thought about the situation, she knew if she made any sudden movements that would be the end of her life. Cerbah stood there for days staring at the seemingly invincible ants until suddenly she realized something. They weren't ants, they were something entirely different. Cerbah knew that, that was the only plausible solution but now her issue was how she would find a way to get out of this situation alive. Cerbah stood there for several more days until suddenly she had an epiphany, through out this entire time they never once attacked anything that made sound or anything smaller than a bush which means they went off vibrations most likely.
*** 
Cerbah stood and pondered many strategies to get past the beasts until she came up with a possible solution. Cerbah tried recalling her past experiences to find any way to get past these creatures until she memorized that time she defeated that wild cat in the forest some how. She stood there for hours pondering the events that happened that day until she came across the solution.
***
Cerbah yelled out the word "fall" but nothing happened. Cerbah stood there confused as she continued to yell fall day in and day out but as a wise man once said only an insane person continues to use the same strategy that didn't work multiple times before. Cerbah stopped yelling fall after the third day because she realized her plan wasn't working how she wanted it to. As Cerbah stood there sleeping with her eyes open she replayed that day when she fought the large cat over and over in her head. Until that morning it snapped. everything came together that morning and Cerbah stood there for hours envisioning her desire to escape and her opponents being pressed to the ground. After several hours of mental preparation Cerbah was ready to put her thoughts into action and with her whole chest said "***Fall***" and with that one word every one of the ants were pushed to the ground with such force that they were unable to move. Cerbah used that time to summon an army of undead and destroy the army of false ants who turned out to be a rare species of scorpion known as Light Crawlers.
^[Theyre called light crawlers because they move at such high speeds people imagine that they can move faster than the speed of light.] 
***
As Cerbah's undead army slaughtered the false ants she noticed that at a one point all of their stats significantly rose compared to what they were before. This new found information intrigued her because she never knew it was possible for anything to hide it's stats. With this discovery Cerbah spent weeks following light crawlers to observe how they hid their stats from other creatures. After months of observing and following the light crawlers from a safe distance Cerbah learned their natural hunting mechanism and their ability to cloak themselves in a sort of false reality.
***
[[Chapter 5]]