***
#### The Fall of My Old Self
***
Several years passed and Cerbah was still In the dungeon fighting off monsters with her legion of undead and stopping them from reaching below the size of 5 minions. Until finally she made it to the last room, after fighting through 500 floors of fiends, ghosts, wraths, demons and hordes upon hordes of skeletons she made it to the final room...Only to find out her final challenge was to get past her Teacher, the shadowy figure itself. As Cerbah stood in front of her teacher she felt a sense of pride and accomplishment which was rare for any species of goblin to feel, even the most high ranking of goblins were only as smart as a 10yr old human child but Cerbah was different through all her trials in that dungeon Cerbah learned one thing other goblins would never be able to learn her ability to adapt and the ability to trust her own intuition. Before the fight even started the shadowy figure spoke in a voice more raspy and chilling that she have ever heard it spoke in before. "You do not fail to surprise me young goblin. I have never seen so much resilience and creative thinking come from such a lowly creature as you but i think its time for your journey to end, if i let you stay alive im afraid you will be an issue, sorry to do this to you young goblin." Before Cerbah could even think she was knocked out cold.
***
A few hours later Cerbah woke up in the middle of a forest, her memory hazy and her mind at a blank, the last thing she could remember was the shadowy figure knocking her out before she could even make a single move against it. but that thought replayed in her head constantly as she walked through the forest. But there was one thing she took from the whole experience she has experienced in that dungeon. If she wants to survive in this world she has no one to rely on but herself. Suddenly Cerbah heard a rustle in the bush and a giant cat the size of  a small tree jumped from it she instinctively jumped back and summoned 5 skeletal creature with minimal effort. Cerbah let out a loud Grunt signifying for her minions to attack it and with no hesitation or fear her minions charged forward attacking the giant cat. Cerbah knew if she was going to survive she was going to have to be more careful in this strange place she was in. The large cat swiped away her minions and charged at Cerbah. In that moment she felt true fear, not the typical fear goblins felt but true genuine fear. and through this fear one word replayed in her head over and over and over. "*fall... fall... fall... fall* and with all of her chest her first ever words throughout her entire life was the word **fall** and immediately the giant cat was pushed to the forest floor with tremendous force. Cerbah stood there in shock as she did not know what she has done but immediately snapped out of it and with all her strength summoned the most powerful undead monster she could think of and in the distance she heard trees crackle and fall over as giant rampant footsteps charged closer towards her location. and before she knew what was going on a giant bear charged at the giant cat crushing it beneath its feet then suddenly it vanished. Cerbah unfortunately pissed herself due to how much terror she felt in that moment. But she was just glad to be alive. Cerbah slowly got up and continued her walk through the forest, slowly raising an undead army to protect her as she stood in the center of it.
***
A few days passed and Cerbah finally reached the end of the forest only to find a baren wasteland filled with grey sand. She was quite shocked to see grey sand and wanted to play in it but her body wouldnt move an inch due to feeling an intense unexplainable fear. It was almost as if her intuition and body told her that if she touched that sand she would immediately die. Then suddenly Cerbah got an interesting idea and grunted towards one of her skeletons to take a step into the grey sand. As soon as the skeleton stepped in the sand its body immediately turned into dust. Cerbah was trapped between the forest and this endless desert of supposed grey sand. Cerbah didn't quite understand the situation but knew if she wanted to live dont cross over into the desert until she could find a safe passage way.
***
Cerbah tried several methods to try and get across. First she tried digging or atleast told her skeletons to dig but when one tried its bones even turned to dust when trying to make a tunnel under the sand. Second she tried throwing a skeleton into the desert but unfortunately as soon as the skeleton crossed over it immediately turned to dust. she thought and thought and tried every possible solution, but she couldn't figure out how to get across without dying. She sat there and pondered for a while and while doing so she got an idea. Cerbah called over one of her minions and motioned for it to grab some sand. The skeleton came back with the sand and they all stood around it. Cerbah motioned for one of her skeletons to touch it and it immediately turned to dust. She now knew the Sand was the issue and not the desert itself but what she didn't know was how to cross it.
***
Cerbah sat there for months and months thinking and pondering and experimenting with the sand. But there was one thing holding her back. Her lack of comprehension and the shackles of her own race. Despite her achievements she couldn't get past one thing in her life the feeling of being left out and shunned. which caused her to still see herself as not enough which messed up her ability to think beyond her normal capabilities. After all when you were raised to be like everyone else you lose your true self in a fake image you conjured up for the sake of fitting in. And thats what was Holding Cerbah Back she wasn't thinking outside the box she was still thinking with a mob mindset she wasn't thinking what she would do she was thinking what would the leader do and she in some way knew in order to get past this point in her life she would need to get past this weight she put on herself.
***
[[Chapter 3]]
