***
#### Unshackled
***
*What is your normal reaction when you are shunned from your typical group of peers? The most typical reaction is to try and fit in. Everyone wants to fit in but no matter how hard they try they feel like they can't and that feeling awakens 1 of 2 things inside someone. One they shut themselves off from the world to keep themselves from getting hurt or... Two they learn to not shackle themselves to such simple mindsets and that not everyone has to be the same to be able to fit in. This is a decision that is not always seen because when you were born into a mob mentality it's not so easy to break from it. But when you do you will realize so many new paths and solutions to achieve one singular goal.*
***
Several years passed for Cerbah but she was still stuck there...until it finally clicked for her. She finally Understood what was holding her back and this was the first time where she truly wasn't mindlessly mimicking actions but actually thinking for herself. Cerbah after several years stood up and placed her hand out and conjured up another skeleton. But this time it wasn't half broken, its limbs weren't rattling, its eyes weren't leaking black ooze. This skeleton wasn't simply just existing by her will itself but by her experience and knowledge she gained up to this moment. Cerbah finally felt Free, she was finally unshackled from her old self and from her old tribe she understood truly what it meant to think for ones self. and right before her eyes the grey sand suddenly turned to stone. For the sand was not truly there as a way to stop her but was there to show her that in life mimicking what you see will not always bring you victory because there is no lessons learned through mimicry because you yourself aren't the one who truly made it in your image.
***
Cerbah proudly took a step onto the hard solidified sand and she and her army of undead walked forward. Meanwhile in the dungeon the shadowy figure has been watching her advance slowly towards its domain. The shadowy figure spoke in a horrifying voice, "such feats by a goblin are uncommon, but this little goblin is no where near strong enough to fight me yet, it would have been a shame to kill such talent right off the bat i couldn't bring myself to kill such a compatible replacement for my throne."
***
While Cerbah was passing through the terrain she saw what looked to be a group of creatures marching towards her. Cerbah prepared her army for a battle but as soon as she blinked a group of giant ants was standing straight in front of her. Cerbah was confused and felt a sense of uneasiness as the ants towered over her and her entire army. Something was clearly off but Cerbah couldn't figure out what it was she tried scanning them with the skill she picked up back when she was going through the dungeon when she was young but she was unable to pick up on anything from what she could see the ants had the same stats as a normal ant, but something was clearly off because these ants were Ginormous. Suddenly one of Cerbah's skeletons charged at the ants without her word and within seconds was eliminated. then as soon as Cerbah blinked all of her army was wiped out but it looked as if the ants didn't move an inch. Cerbah was confused and scared, she never experienced this before. she was fighting a seemingly weak enemy but her army was wiped out, it felt as if she was somehow experiencing a false state or reality. There was no way Cerbah could believe her army of over a million skeletons could simply be defeated with such ease. Cerbah rechecked their stats but they were still the same. Cerbah couldn't wrap her head around this bizarre scenario.
***
[[Chapter 4]]