***
#### Discrimination
***
After Cerbah's long journey through the Desert of Worthiness she made it to a small town. As she walked through the town she was getting disgusted, fascinated and horrified looks from the townsfolk. At one point she could feel her knees get weak while cautiously walking through the town, at one point a person screamed out "*GET THE FUCK OUT OF OUR TOWN YOU CAVE GOBLIN SCUM NO ONE LIKES YOUR KIND!*". then they threw a rock at her upsetting Cerbah, as she lifted her hand 3 undead minions rose from the ground and proceeded to slaughter the man. This one action Cerbah has committed has started a chain of events she could not have foreseen in the near future. As Cerbah walked through the town she kept hearing whispers of the towns folk, "*Who taught a disgusting goblin necromancy?*", "*Why is such a filthy creature allowed to walk through our streets?*", "*Didn't the holy capital say they would deal with this goblin issue by any means necessary, i thought they wiped out that cave of goblins 8 years ago.*". While Cerbah was walking she overheard an old lady talk about a group of cave goblins being wiped out 8 years ago which caused her to go into a frenzied rage. As Cerbah stepped closer to the old lady the old lady's fear grew to the point where she kicked Cerbah clean onto the floor knocking her out cold.
***
After a few days Cerbah woke up in a dark wet cell underground. Cerbah tried surveying her surroundings then realized there was no way for her to escape, she also noticed how her hands ere shackled together to the point where any movement was pointless. Then suddenly a tall black human shaped figure stood in front of her and opened her cell. Cerbah's first thoughts were to run out but she had a feeling if she did she wouldn't make it out very far before she would inevitably die. As the human shaped figure walked towards Cerbah she couldn't help but step back but after a few steps she was stopped by the wall. The dark human shape figured spoke in a demanding voice. *"*Get up you disgusting goblin trash!*" But Cerbah couldn't move so the dark figure grabbed her by her arm and then attached a heavy weighted iron collar around her neck as he then dragged her out of the cell and onto a brightly lit platform before leaving her there. As Cerbah came back to her senses she noticed a group of humans staring at her with more looks of disgust before a booming voice from behind her spoke.
***
*"FELLOW HUMANS... A few days ago we have witnessed an act so barbaric towards our way of living that it threatens our very existence. This thing proceeded to walk into one of our settlements and killed a man and tried to attack an elderly woman. And these creatures wonder why we wiped out most of their kind with such conviction."*  As Cerbah looked around all she saw was the angry faces of humans and all she heard as the hateful words from the crowd. "*KILL ALL GOBLINS!*", "*END THAT  DISGUSTING CREATURES LIFE!*". As Cerbah heard such hateful speech being thrown towards her she tried to attack but was unable to move due to the heavy collar around her neck, all she could do was growl at them and foam at the mouth. The voice from behind her spoke again.
***
*"LOOK at this filthy creature how could we humans know we would be safe if those animals are running around freely. So today we will hold a live execution to show the world and all of its different races what we do to creatures that test our patience. ALL RACES WILL KNOW THE TRUE MEANING OF HUMAN SUPREMACY!"*. Cerbah heard footsteps walk closer from behind her before a she saw a tall man walk in front of her and turn around before kicking her in the face causing her body o fly back a few meters.
*"Kill that disgusting creature. also someone clean off my shoe I don't want the scent of goblin getting on it."* , said the man.
***
Right before the 2 guards swung directly towards Cerbah's neck the sky darkened and the 2 guard fell backwards and the ground shook underneath all of their feet or in this case Cerbah's knees. Before a familiar voice she heard spoke.
***
[[Chapter 6]]
