***
### Unsettling Pursuer
***
After I defeated Jevekler I started heading towards the ruins in order to attempt to beat the Lich King again. But Jevekler's stupid head keeps following me non stop. it's pretty annoying to be frank.

Jevekler: Hey boss where are we going next how about something to eat...oh i never had living food in a while.

While me and Jevekler's head were walking he got close to me and whispered *"hey boss no need to alarm you but you have someone following you, I can give you their strength if you want me to"* , I nodded my head while acting as if we both didn't know the mysterious person was following us. After a few hours the sun went down and me and Jevekler made a camp for us to rest. But before we laid down after well to be honest my long journey i summoned a fleet of undead minions to watch my surroundings. AS i slowly closed my eyes and fell into a deep slumber my body suddenly felt as if it was being dropped from a large height which jolted me awake and then suddenly I was  20 feet in the air as if i were thrown up by an unforeseen force. My body tried finding a way to safely hit the ground without breaking a limb, and while I was falling I could hear Jevekler say something but i couldn't make out what it was. then right before my eyes i saw a large shadow hover over me, it looked like an elf in a tunic with her face covered by an unsettling mask. Before i could even realize what was going on the elf woman suddenly did what i didn't even think was possible but she jumped off the air and gained speed while coming directly at me. The elf woman pulled out a pair of shiny daggers and threw them at me and before i could even react she was already 2 inches in front of me, what could i even do in such a situation like this, the opponent i was facing was 8 times stronger than me, was there even a way to win this fight.
***
As my body flew towards the ground Jevekler tried to decrease the impact and damage i took by throwing himself at my back but it seemed almost pointless cause the strike of her force was enough to cause a small crater under me.

Jevekler: *"hey boss i could use my skill but I'll need you to throw my head in the air."*

As Jevekler was stating his plan the masked elf started charging at me again without any hesitation or fear in her step. As i threw Jevekler's head in the air the Masked elf started to power up an attack that looked as if it could take me out in one hit. then after a few seconds Jevekler's head fell back into my hands and the masked elf suddenly vanished before our eyes. Without warning Jevekler started frantically screaming *"HOLY SHIT CERBAH RUN YOU AREN'T GOING TO WIN THIS NO MATTER HOW GOOD YOUR LUCK IS YOU DEFINENTLY DON'T HAVE THE STRENGTH TO FIGHT HER!"* As soon as i heard Jevekler's words i ran as fast as I could and as i was running from the battle scene I heard a giant explosion then felt a shock wave of such power and force that it blew me back at least 100 feet, as i stood in the distance watching the huge pillar of light in the distance slowly dissipate i felt nothing but pure terror go through my entire body, I thought Jevekler was strong but he had nothing compared to this mask Elf. Her power was so powerful it felt like she was trained by a god herself.
***
Within the distance I saw a small burst of smoke go into the air and immediately I knew what was about to happen. But suddenly I remembered something I learned about 4 weeks ago, The Light Crawlers I was stalking had a skill that hid their presence completely. and before the masked elf woman got near me I hid my presence by turning into a rhino beetle and stood there scared for my life as i felt my heart almost beat out of mt chest as the masked elf woman stood there looking around in confusion and then down directly at me. I felt my body freeze up as I felt her lift me up. and then she whispered a few words while her masked face looked directly at me in my bug form *"I know it's you, you can't hide from me!"*  I suddenly flew off then went back to my normal form as she swung at me. I barley dodged each of her attacks by a hair as she progressively kept getting faster with her attacks, all I could do was scream out for help as i was being attacked relentlessly. *"HELP ME LICH KING! I KNOW YOU ARE WATCHING PLEASE HELP ME I CAN'T WIN THIS!"* Then right before my eyes the night sky went pitch black and the words *"SHACKLE!"* boomed cross the sky then suddenly as if out of no where the masked elf was held down by a bunch of chains coming from the ground. I then ran as quickly and as far away as i could, several days passed but the sky didn't become light again until the 6th day, i sat on a rock, sweating and out of breath, then suddenly the Lich King appeared in front of me.
***
[[Chapter 9]]