***
### Tales of a Goblin Named Cerbah
***
In terms of storytelling goblins were always seen as mischievous and greedy, many describe them as putrid wretched creatures with no morals or empathy towards any life but their own kind. But this is about to change, for there was one goblin who struck fear into the hearts of many, not because it was smart or brutal but because the skills it learned were not typical of any goblin told in regular stories but because this goblins skills were unique and quite deadly if wielded properly. Cerbah was like any other cave goblin, she typically sat outside sniffing herself and throwing rocks at anything that moved. Unlike most goblins she was curious so the other goblins thought she was defective so always put her on guard duty. But late that evening she saw a giant shadowy figure standing in the distance. She timidly approached the figure only to find out it was a being who possessed strength far beyond her knowledge or grasp, but something drew her in closer to the figure as if their actions were calling to her.
***
The figure suddenly turned around quickly as if it was watching out for someone only to notice Cerbah. The creature went back to its ritual, then suddenly the sky darkened and the ground shook and to Cerbah's surprise several undead came out of the ground, zombies, skeletons and the sort started surrounding the area. As she watched she started to wonder how she could do something like that, to ring life back from the dead. For her entire life she was shunned by her species but if she knew how to bring back the dead she would no longer be seen as someone to shun, or at least that's what she thought, so each night she would go to the exact same spot and mimic the shadowy figure day in and day out for weeks upon weeks, and months upon months until finally she did it. She managed to raise 1 undead entity, but unlike the shadowy figures entities this one was quite weak and frail. She tried touching it to see if it would do anything but alas it only crumbled into dust with the slightest of touches.
***
That night when Cerbah got back to her cave she noticed it being, ruined along with several of her tribe members being dead. Cerbah stood there in discontent crying and having a manic episode until suddenly she hears footsteps and instinctively started raising her dead tribe members around her as if it were second nature. Unlike her last attempt these weren't flimsy, they weren't taken out with a simple touch nor were they easily knocked down. And before the fight even started the shadowy figure she saw several months ago appeared and wiped out everyone including her minions but miraculously not Cerbah herself.
***
A few hours later Cerbah woke up in a crypt surrounded by skeletons and zombies, she quickly rose and started attacking them and from the distance she heard the words; "heed my warning young goblin if you wish to go down this path you must first make these mindless pawns follow your will!" The shadowy figure showed her a quick demonstration then vanished and now here she was. In a dark damp cave alone with a horde of the undead. As Cerbah sat there she replayed the Shadowy figures actions in her head over and over, then she repeated them herself over and over, after 2 days of non stop practice she has done it she managed to get the entire cave of undead on her side. But then The figures voice appeared again almost as if it was watching. "Well done now fight your way through this cave without letting your legion of undead reach below the number 5." And this is where her story began, A cave goblin who lost everything and was shunned by everyone, her home was destroyed and she had nothing else to lose but her life, this is the beginning of a tale about a goblin named Cerbah.
***
[[Chapter 2]]

